update settlement getting started (#82)
digital-asset/daml-finance: docs/code-samples/getting-started/README.md

# Code Samples - Getting Started

This folder contains a getting-started daml project which is being referrenced by the docs.
In order to build the project:

1. First update the version and data-dependecies in the `daml.yaml` file.
2. Update the version and dependent libraries in the `get-dependencies.sh` file.
3. Run `./get-dependencies` from the root folder of the project to download the data dependencies

>    from github (alternatively copy-paste the corresponding local dars from `../../../.dars` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   from github (alternatively, build the packages in the main project then copy-paste the corresponding built dars from `../../../.dars` to
```
